c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.dll.config
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.pdb
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Api.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Twiml.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Api.pdb
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Api.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Twiml.pdb
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\bin\Twilio.Twiml.xml
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\obj\Debug\Twilio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\obj\Debug\Twilio.dll
c:\users\yomna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Twilio\Twilio\obj\Debug\Twilio.pdb
